My Declaration
My Declaration
When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for One to dissolve the political bands which have connected Him
with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of
Nature’s God entitle Him, in order to appeal to the souls of mankind requires that He shall declare the causes which impel Him to the
separation.
I hold these truths to be self-evident, that all of Creation was created for Man, that He is endowed by the Creator with certain
unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness –That securing these rights emanates from the
Power and Authority of GOD. That His invocation of these rights is Direct Manifestation of the Creator. – That to secure these rights,
among men governments have been instituted, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, -- when a long train of
abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce Him under absolute Despotism it is His right it
is his duty, to throw off such government, and to provide new Guards for His future security. - such has been the longsufferance of Him;
and such is now the necessity which constrains Him to loose former system of government. The record of the present public society is a
record of repeated injury and usurpations, all having in direct object the design of an unparalleled absolute Tyranny evidently designed
for despair against Him. To prove this, let Facts be remitted to the Reader.
The public society has made marriage out to be a whimsical prostitution in licentiousness refusing to recognize to the Sacrament of
Marriage.
The public society has blocked access to legal council by legislating licentiousness resulting in guilds requiring extraordinary fees
destructive of access too and defense from the system.
The public society has overridden the right to travel through licentiousness and heavy fees forcing a yoke of contrived schemes of
communism called by them insurance disparaging the right to travel by attaching to it communal yoke of insurance, and to encourage
the mentality of such right a privileged given through licentiousness.
The public society has erected public services not capable of serving clean water. and monopolizing the market so the consumer has
no recourse, and using public funds to taint the water, erected large and multiple prison facilities perverting justice and monetizing
Souls; which facilities are now expanding by the use of public funds.
The public society is having not consented and spurious ordinance enforced as if it were Law by large bodies of armies they call police.
These armies shuffling thus to operate with anonymity in order that those who shall be victims have no recourse.
The public society has imposed taxes on non taxable services and falsely presenting it as sales tax which sales tax meant to be levied
against the business is regularly passed on and advertised to the buyer; moreover taxing the same flow of currency many times over
draining the economy.
For failure to protect by-standing while trespass and harassments ensue while making judgment and defense dependent on the system
alone thus protecting those who commit crimes against any recourse.
For failure in support while in times of hunger without food in cases of factual emergency by appealing to paperwork schedules and
appointments having prerequisite: a telephone of which is now a device of overt spying and tracking; in doing so all the while supporting
others with food while others by their means not in the emergency condition.
For overt spying live video cameras spread everywhere, telephone communications recorded, monitored, interrupted, and disconnected
during calls. Infringing the ability of communication.
For suspending My privilege of post service while others’ continue and theft of My mail with open confession of it, thus greatly limiting
correspondence.
For destruction of property beit thought negligible in value proportionately a considerable loss of My property.
For public officers including Sheriff themselves trespassing violating the security of My house.
For seizure of Arms; therefore infringing My defense recourse and violating the security of My property.
For depriving Myself in many cases, of the benefits of Trial by Jury. By using many scattered sub-courts which pretend to not have
requirement of due process; this surmounting extortion.
For withholding from action large armies substituted for My Militia; which armies exist to guard My Liberty, when called forth to execute
compliance injunction against the sub-courts denying due process; this essentially declaring Me out of the protection of the Militia
necessary to the security of Liberty.
For repeated arbitrary detention the public has taken Me captive multiple times without Warrant attempted and forced psychotropic
drugs under duress, violating My Body both without and within and through such attacks a design if it were so possible of influencing
my Very Mind.
For repeated injury to My Body commit multiple assaults and batteries used torture devices and chemical weapons causing harm to My
Body.
For imposition of many spans of imprisonment and detention without due process of Law; including denial of bail. Depriving me of
Liberty for large spans proportionate to the spans of at Liberty. This design solely for fatigue into plea of guilt if not invitation of bribery,
perverting justice to concentrate “wealth”. In the attempts to administer a system they call probation which supposes to strip Man of all
rights.
For Judges suspending Writ of Habeas Corpus with pretense of ignorance by not acknowledging existence of it; thus impugning the
known truth.
For cruel and unusual punishments including sleep deprivation by quartering Me while presumed innocent among the wildest of
prisoners, while offering threats designed to force unwanted unneeded drugs piercing My Body; under a false pretense of such violation
of My Body being routine requirement.
For infringing the right of Man to control His Name. Regulating economy so far to obstruct use of banks. Which is among the most
useful purpose of a legible Name which shall have been for them My Emblem representing Sacred Honor.
In every stage of these Oppressions I have sought right and just recourse. In patience and lovingkindness of all souls, in clarity
of writing without rhythmic confusion of brevity, only to have met opposition which is evidently deep seated in the minds of those who
comprise public society. Though I, Myself have not, do not, and shall not falter, in firmness and openly make no compromise with evils.
I have given reminder of Law and attempted to explain the division of agency. I have clearly and openly spoken from My Tongue the
Law, revered consanguinity, esteemed highly the soul never lacking Truth. To be answered in most cases with the threat of lethal force
and designs of falsely judging, attacking, and attempting to subdue My Very Mind. Appeals to law mostly meet deaf ears; save few.
When support has been sought out it is largely denied. A society in which behavior is that of a hive which takes no responsibility, not
encouraging thought but a rhythm which oppresses thought, offers no recognizance and appeases depravity of mind, making opinions
an object of worship and falsely supposing it right to force opinion on one another, defending lies markedly bearing the fruit of my
Enemy. Such society is unfit for True Man. I must therefore make clear I do not partake, and separate. That, I am, and of right ought to
be free and independent; that I am absolved of all allegiance to it, and that all political connection between Myself and those
governments, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that having free and independent state, I have full power and to do anything
which independence shall do. And for support of this Declaration few shall hear the Spirit of Truth.
JASON M CHRISTOS
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED, DO NOT COPY, © COPYRIGHT 2017,2018, JASON MARK CHRISTOS

